Adds openSUSE Leap SP migration (#758)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/client-upgrades-sp-migration.adoc

[[client-upgrades-spmigration]]
= Service Pack Migration

Service Pack (SP) migration allows you to upgrade SLE-based client systems from an SP level to a later one.
For example, you can migrate {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1 to {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP2.

You can also migrate openSUSE Leap to a later minor version or to the corresponding SLE SP level, for example:

* openSUSE Leap 15.1 to 15.2, or
* openSUSE Leap 15.1 to {sle} 15 SP1, or
* openSUSE Leap 15.2 to {sle} 15 SP2

[WARNING]
====
During migration, {productname} automatically accepts any required licenses (EULAs) before installation.
====

> In {sle}{nbsp}12 and later, {suse} supports service pack skipping.

Author: ```suggestion
In {sle}{nbsp}12 and later, {suse} supports service pack skipping if SUSE Customer Center provides it.
```

Reviewer: sure, but let's use the {scc} entity.

[[client-upgrades-spmigration]]
= Service Pack Migration

> Service Pack Migration (SP Migration) allows you to upgrade SLE-based client systems from an SP level to a later one, for example:
> 
> * {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1 to SP2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Pack (SP) migration allows you to upgrade SLE-based client systems from an SP level to a later one.
For example, you can migrate {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP1 to {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP2.
```

Author: Yes, that's probably the save way.  In the past, we were told that it is possible to skip an SP.  For example, to upgrade from SP0 to SP2.  `zypper migration` and also the Web UI (SP migration) sometimes offered skipping as well.  I do not know whether that is still the case and we want to mention it.  @mcalmer , what do you think, please?

You can also migrate openSUSE Leap to a later minor version or to the corresponding SLE SP level, for example:

* openSUSE Leap 15.1 to 15.2, or
* openSUSE Leap 15.1 to {sle} 15 SP1, or
* openSUSE Leap 15.2 to {sle} 15 SP2

[WARNING]
====

> During migration {productname} automatically accepts any required licenses (EULAs) before installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During migration, {productname} automatically accepts any required licenses (EULAs) before installation.
```

. From the [guimenu]``Service Pack Migration - Channels`` page select the correct base channel, including ``Mandatory Child Channels`` and any additional ``Optional Child Channels``.
. OPTIONAL: Check [guimenu]``Allow Vendor Change`` to allow packages that have changed vendors to be installed.
  If this occurs, a notification is shown with details before the migration is started.
  +
[IMPORTANT]
====

> [guimenu]``Allow Vendor Change`` is required if you want to migrate openSUSE Leap to {sle}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate openSUSE Leap to {sle}, you must check the [guimenu]``Allow Vendor Change`` option.
```
